docs(svelte-testing-library): add event, slot, binding, context examples (#1366)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/svelte-testing-library/example.mdx

sidebar_label: Example
---

For additional resources, patterns, and best practices about testing Svelte
components and other Svelte features, take a look at the [Svelte Society testing
recipes][testing-recipes].

[testing-recipes]:
  https://sveltesociety.dev/recipes/testing-and-debugging/unit-testing-svelte-component

## Basic

This basic example demonstrates how to:

- Pass props to your Svelte component using `render`
- Query the structure of your component's DOM elements using `screen`
- Interact with your component using [`@testing-library/user-event`][user-event]

> - Make assertions using `expect`, using methods added by

Reviewer: Suggestion: replace "methods" to "matchers" 

```suggestion
- Make assertions using `expect`, using matchers from
```

  [`@testing-library/jest-dom`][jest-dom]

```html title="greeter.svelte"
<script>
  export let name

  let showGreeting = false

  const handleClick = () => (showGreeting = true)
</script>

<button on:click="{handleClick}">Greet</button>

{#if showGreeting}
<p>Hello {name}</p>
{/if}
```

```js title="greeter.test.js"
import {render, screen} from '@testing-library/svelte'
import userEvent from '@testing-library/user-event'
import {expect, test} from 'vitest'

import Greeter from './greeter.svelte'

test('no initial greeting', () => {
  render(Greeter, {name: 'World'})

  const button = screen.getByRole('button', {name: 'Greet'})
  const greeting = screen.queryByText(/hello/iu)

  expect(button).toBeInTheDocument()
  expect(greeting).not.toBeInTheDocument()
})

test('greeting appears on click', async () => {
  const user = userEvent.setup()
  render(Greeter, {name: 'World'})

  const button = screen.getByRole('button')
  await user.click(button)
  const greeting = screen.getByText(/hello world/iu)

  expect(greeting).toBeInTheDocument()
})
```

[user-event]: ../user-event/intro.mdx
[jest-dom]: https://github.com/testing-library/jest-dom

## Events

> Events can be tested using spy functions, like those provided by
> [`vi.fn()`][vi-fn]. Function props are more straightforward to use and test than
> events, so consider using them if they make sense for your project.

Reviewer: Suggestion reword the sentence to make it better readable.

```suggestion
Events can be tested using spy functions. 
If you're using Vitest you can use [`vi.fn()`][vi-fn] to create a spy.

:::info

Consider using function props to make testing events easier.

:::
```

sidebar_label: Example
---

- [Basic](#basic)
- [Events](#events)
- [Slots](#slots)
- [Two-way data binding](#two-way-data-binding)
- [Contexts](#contexts)

For additional resources, patterns, and best practices about testing Svelte
components and other Svelte features, take a look at the [Svelte Society testing
recipes][testing-recipes].

[testing-recipes]:
  https://sveltesociety.dev/recipes/testing-and-debugging/unit-testing-svelte-component

## Basic

### Component

> ```html filename="src/greeter.svelte"

Author: Oops, these should all be title

```suggestion
```html title="src/greeter.svelte"
```
